Add Giant Swarm to ADOPTERS.md (#21326)
backstage/backstage: ADOPTERS.md

| [Gynzy](https://gynzy.com) | [Stef Louwers](https://github.com/fhp) | We are building an internal developer portal to get an overview of all our software components. |
| [Cielo](https://www.cielo.com.br)                                          | [@Alex Silva](https://github.com/narokwq)                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | We are using as our Internal Developer Portal, it provides developers with the resources, information, and tools they need to build high-quality applications and adhere to organizational standards and security practices.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | [Giant Swarm](https://giantswarmio) | [Lucas Weatherhog](https://github.com/weatherhog) | At Giant Swarm we are using Backstage as our internal developer portal. Heavily using the service catalog and the TechDocs plugin. Further looking into adopting functionalities of our Web UI into Backstage to have a single pane of glass for our core business, managing all our components, and helping developers to be more productive. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Giant Swarm](https://giantswarm.io) | [Lucas Weatherhog](https://github.com/weatherhog) | At Giant Swarm we are using Backstage as our internal developer portal. Heavily using the service catalog and the TechDocs plugin. Further looking into adopting functionalities of our Web UI into Backstage to have a single pane of glass for our core business, managing all our components, and helping developers to be more productive. |
```
